there's a flying it a trachea
let me see what just happened to me okay
she's calling me on Twitter and
Instagram you guys already know when
they went down Lord so me and my husband
went out to eat today having like a
little date night or whatever right has
a wine everything's all great or
whatever so I come in the room okay and
you ever step on something you just know
and it's who's your step one that you
just know what it is I step on a free
and slow okay the slug I'm so disgusted
the slug was right there on the floor so
I step on it and it's all squishy and
juicy I need my foot like this really
suck if you follow my blog you guys know
that I had a run-in with a slug like not
too long ago and the slug was in my room
camping out having a good old time and
just scared the crap out of me and I was
like this I just I'm a need for nature
to get somewhere and sit down okay and
then it was like so flying around the
room just now I'm like really nature I I
don't have time for this so do you just
do this for it oh man what was that
noise that was the be a free game no
that was dark don't hurt it didn't poop
that was the be in mia oh you talking
about so look my husband go get the full
oh right he's telling me to stop
speaking out and I'm like do I just
stuck on a slug like the juicy juiciness
of the slug was all my foot I don't like
bugs I think it is completely disgusted
I'm like don't you know that you're not
outside why don't you stay outside with
your people it's only out was the
soldiers love they sent other slows the
final in place that they can inhabit or
find food no there's no food up in he
okay so what I did was I sprinkle well
he doesn't come back to his people
thinking black what happened to Joo
bugging him do look good that's what I
keep coming keep killing the people that
like okay I just don't have time she
sort of like that makes me not wanna
life you know I have to go to the
bathroom overnight and just the idea
that there's a slug Oh a new sup
squishy-looking about foot oh I want to
be a freaking out right you just like
you call now just scream if I'm like do
I asked her on the frigate flood so I'm
telling him to what my foot did my
camera just go
I think it was you think it's not again
on this technology it's the snow it's
the slugger luminary Mishka the
Illuminati put this lucky doesn't slowly
drone see you niggas money so you
wouldn't have this listing on your
forehead Oh were here d met oh you just
think about that you know what cuz I
wanted Joe get my wife or whatever a
slug is gonna be sure you do me 00 with
the last look it was like the light
skinned was in the room last time
right there does things still flying
around the room what how would you got
it oh no it's chasing me need you to get
off the floor Fredo that's the slow hey
this right here is right here it's right
here well yeah hey the two of them in a
room this is dozen yes you got what
there's a water fountain I know once and
you start again pay you for killing
stuff around here hey I'm exterminate a
minute did she drive each other buzzes
man so it was two slimeballs in here yes
you think the dirt work on a silicon in
three years don't say that let me this
to ditional slows near they never found
yet um so you can't happen if when you
when you kill to it all one of the
soldiers and that was the fighting where
I did yes I oh we gotta go man you can't
make this stuff okay y'all think they're
like she's so crazy dramatic know this
stuff is be going down up picking a job
telling you this is real life so okay
it's going down I just can't be bothered
all right y'all I'm not to go for summer
hahaha if a bad King glad to hear i
wouldn't be surprised cuz i'm telling
you may be speaking I just can't i ja